welcome to Concord Place Apartments
located in seward nebraska near downtown
and with easy access to Concordia
University this is the heartland floor
plan a two-bedroom one-bath area
apartment home as you walk in around the
corner you'll find a coat closet off of
the kitchen you'll find space for a
large table and chairs above you'll also
find a ceiling fan also off of the
kitchen concealed behind this closet
door you'll find your stacked washer and
dryer in the two bedrooms in the kitchen
itself you'll find plenty of countertop
space good cabinet space and a full
sized stove refrigerator dishwasher and
built-in microwave up above the range
the pass-through window from the kitchen
to the living room gives this apartment
floorplan a very open feel in the living
room itself you'll find a large window
for plenty of natural sunlight and
you'll find plenty of room for large
sofas and sectionals off of the hallway
you'll find the linen closet and here we
have the first of the two bedrooms very
large with two windows for lots of light
plenty of room for even a king-size bed
and additional furniture you'll find
good storage in here too with a large
double door closet with sliding doors
and built-in shelf and rack we'll head
down the hallway passing by the utility
closet straight ahead we have the second
bedroom virtually identical in size to
the first also with a large window and
plenty of room for even a king-size bed
these rooms offer plenty of space and
good storage in this bedroom as well
with two large double door closets again
with sliding doors and built-in shelves
and racks one of the nice things about
this apartment home is the only
utilities you pay our electricity and
gas water garbage snow and lawn care are
all provided and included with your rent
in the bath area you'll find a full-size
tub and shower combination large
medicine cabinet and big vanity for good
storage below the sink here we are back
in that spacious living room and we're
back at the front entry on site you'll
also find coin-operated washers and
dryers along with plenty of off street
parking outside you'll find picnic
tables and barbecue areas too